This library, called the TASP_VSIPL_Core_Plus library is an implementation of 
a VSIP Library (Vector/Signal/Image Processing Library) as defined 
by the VSIPL Forum for a CORE profile, PLUS most of the elementwise float
functions not in the Core profile, for instance matrix add.  It has become
the defacto reference implementation for C VSIPL. (There is also a C++ VSIPL now, 
see hpec-si.org).

Although the people working on the TASP_VSIPL library 
are involved with the VSIPL Forum, the library implementation is not controlled 
or designed by any consensus of the forum, other than the need to strive 
for compliance to the VSIPL specification. It is the intent to continue to
add defined VSIPL functions to the PLUS library as time allows. 

The TASP_VSIPL library is an effort to produce a VSIPL implementation suitable for 
demonstration and early development and testing of VSIPL code and ideas. It is 
based upon the pre-alpha version of Reference code produced by Hughes Research 
Lab, and released to forum members in December, 1997. Note that Hughes 
Research Lab has since changed its name to HRL, LLC as the result of 
reorganizations and other changes. The TASP_VSIPL library has undergone major 
changes from the original Reference code upon which it was based, and bears 
little resemblance to it.

The Tactical Advanced Signal Processing Common Operating Environment (TASP 
COE) effort was striving to produce a common operating environment for signal 
processing throughout the Navy and DOD for the COTS environment.  Although TASP 
is history now, the goals of TASP COE live on.  VSIPL has become a standard
library for many vendors and users who supply DOD high performance computing products. 

It is the intent of the TASP VSIPL library effort to produce code suitable for 
use on any platform supporting an ANSI C compiler. Performance is not something
that is a high level goal for this implementation. Although the library developer
(me) tries for performance, it is not something that is easy to produce given the 
"any ANSI C compiler" requirement, and the development time required for high performance 
code.  Users of VSIPL who have performance requirements which are not met by TASP VSIPL
should look for commercial vendors.

Also note that although "Correctness" is a goal, the posibility of bugs is always there.
No quarantees are made as to correctness of any code written with this library. (See copyright
for disclaimers).

Note that I will leave the following paragraph alone, but I am now a "retired"
Government Employee. (See Copyright for current release information).

The TASP VSIPL code is required to be freely available for any use. The primary 
author is a Government Employee, and his work on VSIPL has been released to the 
public. Other code, produced by people who are not employed by the Government, 
have a Copyright statement which allows free use of the code, except that the 
Copyright must be included. Any party may donate code to the library, but they 
must include a similar copyright in order for the code to be included in the 
TASP version of the VSIPL library.

For more information contact
rrjudd at mac dot com
